there was a jungle an Indian was sitting
there when he saw what did your distant
they don't like each other at a halt his
name ninja the black earth plane then
job done they never met before this is
the first time and already they don't
like each other as he spies on the new
job they begin to fight for battle of
the territory of the last Todd launched
after that really awkward silence I
guess they begin to face off again he
puts on his battle zebra mac in ninja
takes out his black sort of death
unfortunately he drops it because he's
retarded so then they keep going and
honestly I have no idea what to say from
here and he does up was that big thing
with his knife ever and now it's time to
go he jiggles the ball around and at the
time of noon they will bow down get in
the match fights me
the ball around like a boy
then he took over in like a pond
why did it break
just unnecessary slow-mo action that's
unnecessary taking down by an attached
blow power oh what a pain in the butt
for Indian and now you try it Indiana
take the fight to the sky
I guess did you decide to stop fighting
doesn't want to deal with that and
that's the game folks have a nice day